# Meeting Notes 18th October

Hey folks! As we discussed after the class today, there are some work streams that we can tackle in parallel. Once we’re done with our workstreams we can discuss and get feedback from other members. We’ll setup a meeting (probably on Friday evening) to go over our findings and results.

- W1 : Preparing presentation from Farley. This would require making a presentation, and slide deck and finding relevant JS-based code examples.
- W2 : Researching on setting up a repository, searching build tooling and CI/CD for JavaScript-based projects. This would involve researching on different Unit Testing libraries, setting up startup scripts and development environments.
- W3 : Product/UX exploration. This would require setting up requirements and product hypothesis on a shared Doc. This would also involve fleshing out tickets to a Issue Manager (Linear/Jira/Github Issues). Finally, this would also involve setting up User Stories and initial LoFi wireframes for the P0 product.
  Do volunteer by replying with the workstream that you’d like to work on. Excited to kick things off! :100:
